projects/subgraph-channels/README.md, before:

# Subgraph for HoprChannels

## Hosted Subgraph
[https://thegraph.com/hosted-service/subgraph/eliaxie/hopr-channels](https://thegraph.com/hosted-service/subgraph/eliaxie/hopr-channels)

## How to run

Here's the _tl;dr_ version:

```bash
// Using hoprnet/hoprnet
$ yarn run:network
// Inside this repo
$ pbpaste | xargs -I {} echo "ETHEREUM_NETWORK=localhost\nETHEREUM_ENDPOINT={}" > .env
$ yarn prepare-local
$ yarn codegen
$ yarn pre-build
$ yarn build
$ docker-compose up
$ yarn create-local
$ yarn deploy-local
// Back to hoprnet/hoprnet
$ DEBUG=hopr* yarn run:hoprd:alice
$ yarn run:faucet:alice
```
### 1. Run local network
First, make sure you are running [hoprnet/hoprnet](https://github.com/hoprnet/hoprnet)
local network via `yarn run:network`. Update your `.env` with your network address,
likely `http://localhost:8545` within your workstation, or a public URL like
`https://8545-amber-cod-wcakvqd8.ws-eu11.gitpod.io/` if you are using Gitpod.

### 2. Update graph configuration for local use

Run `yarn prepare-local` so your `subgraph.yaml` is automatically generated for local
use with the adequate configuration.

### 3. Generate the graph web assembly code

Run `yarn codegen` which will parse your `subgraph.yaml` file
into types ready to be imported for your `mappings.ts`. You
are now ready to modify your `mappings.ts` as needed based on
the handlers you described previously in your graph.

### 4. Build your project mappings into wasm

Run `yarn build`, which will compile everything for the
`graph-node` to use in `wasm` format. Any AssemblyScript
errors will be shown there.

### 5. Start Subgraph node via docker-compose

Since a subgraph relies on an IPFS daemon and a PostgreSQL database to run, we
will now run `docker-compose up` to kickstart the adequate services. This data
will be stored locally under your `./data` folder.

If you find any errors, you can always `rm -rf data` to restart the bootstrap
process and interact with the ethereum network. This is likely in the case of
long running nodes.

### 6. Create subgraph configuration in local node

Run `yarn create-local` to deploy your subgraph configuration to the local
graph node, which should be shown in your logs.

### 7. Deploy your subgraph configuraiton

Run `yarn deploy-local` to deploy your actual subgraph mappings code to the
local graph node, which will start fetching events from your network. You will
see a URL available under `${url}/subgraphs/name/hoprnet/hopr-channels/graphql`

### 8. Interact with your network to allow event fetching

From the `hoprnet/hoprnet` project, start running nodes in the network to see
events showing up in your query indexer. Go to your GraphQLi instance to start
interacting with your GraphQL endpoint via queries.

Commit message:

New subgraph deployment (#171)
* Modify subgraph file structure and deploy

* update subgraph api url

* remove legacy network configuration files

projects/subgraph-channels/README.md, after:

# Subgraph for HoprChannels

## Hosted Subgraph
[https://thegraph.com/hosted-service/subgraph/eliaxie/hopr-channels](https://thegraph.com/hosted-service/subgraph/eliaxie/hopr-channels)


## Installation
```
yarn
yarn upgrade @hoprnet/hopr-ethereum
```
Populate the contract address providing environment string and network name
```
yarn pre-build <environment> <network>
```
e.g. `yarn pre-build paleochora xdai`

Then follow by compiling the subgraph deployment code
```
yarn codegen
yarn build --network <network>
```
Next, get the access token from https://thegraph.com/hosted-service/dashboard and deploy, e.g. to the production network
```
ACCESS_TOKEN=<access_token> yarn deploy-xdai
```

## How to run (deprecated)

Here's the _tl;dr_ version:

```bash
// Using hoprnet/hoprnet
$ yarn run:network
// Inside this repo
$ pbpaste | xargs -I {} echo "ETHEREUM_NETWORK=localhost\nETHEREUM_ENDPOINT={}" > .env
$ yarn prepare-local
$ yarn codegen
$ yarn pre-build
$ yarn build
$ docker-compose up
$ yarn create-local
$ yarn deploy-local
// Back to hoprnet/hoprnet
$ DEBUG=hopr* yarn run:hoprd:alice
$ yarn run:faucet:alice
```
### 1. Run local network
First, make sure you are running [hoprnet/hoprnet](https://github.com/hoprnet/hoprnet)
local network via `yarn run:network`. Update your `.env` with your network address,
likely `http://localhost:8545` within your workstation, or a public URL like
`https://8545-amber-cod-wcakvqd8.ws-eu11.gitpod.io/` if you are using Gitpod.

### 2. Update graph configuration for local use

Run `yarn prepare-local` so your `subgraph.yaml` is automatically generated for local
use with the adequate configuration.

### 3. Generate the graph web assembly code

Run `yarn codegen` which will parse your `subgraph.yaml` file
into types ready to be imported for your `mappings.ts`. You
are now ready to modify your `mappings.ts` as needed based on
the handlers you described previously in your graph.

### 4. Build your project mappings into wasm

Run `yarn build`, which will compile everything for the
`graph-node` to use in `wasm` format. Any AssemblyScript
errors will be shown there.

### 5. Start Subgraph node via docker-compose

Since a subgraph relies on an IPFS daemon and a PostgreSQL database to run, we
will now run `docker-compose up` to kickstart the adequate services. This data
will be stored locally under your `./data` folder.

If you find any errors, you can always `rm -rf data` to restart the bootstrap
process and interact with the ethereum network. This is likely in the case of
long running nodes.

### 6. Create subgraph configuration in local node

Run `yarn create-local` to deploy your subgraph configuration to the local
graph node, which should be shown in your logs.

### 7. Deploy your subgraph configuraiton

Run `yarn deploy-local` to deploy your actual subgraph mappings code to the
local graph node, which will start fetching events from your network. You will
see a URL available under `${url}/subgraphs/name/hoprnet/hopr-channels/graphql`

### 8. Interact with your network to allow event fetching

From the `hoprnet/hoprnet` project, start running nodes in the network to see
events showing up in your query indexer. Go to your GraphQLi instance to start
interacting with your GraphQL endpoint via queries.
